feat: support pnpm workspaces (#160)
kamilkisiela/bob: .changeset/rotten-buses-clean.md

---
"bob-the-bundler": minor
---

> took workspace from `pnpm-workspace.yaml`
> throw an error in case existing both `pnpm-workspace.yaml` and `package.json#workspaces` fields
> add `execa` as dependency
> cleanup unused deps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support pnpm workspaces from `pnpm-workspace.yaml`..
Throw an error in case both `pnpm-workspace.yaml` and `package.json#workspaces` fields exist.
Add missing dependency `execa`.
Cleanup and remove unused dependencies.
```
